Update MMS readme (#1380)
kubeflow/kfserving: docs/MULTIMODELSERVING_GUIDE.md

# Multi-Model Serving
Multi-model serving is an [alpha](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/#api-versioning) 
feature added recently to increase KFServing’s scalability.
Please assume that the interface is subject to changes.

## The model deployment scalability problem
With machine learning approaches becoming more widely adopted in organizations, 
there is a trend to deploy a large number of models. 

> For example, a news classification service may train a custom model based on a news category. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a news classification service may train custom models for each news category. 
```

> Another important reason why organizations desire to train a lot of models is to protect data privacy. 
> It is safer to isolate each user's data and train models separately. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another important reason why organizations desire to train a lot of models is to protect data privacy,
as it is safer to isolate each user's data and train models separately. 
```

While you get the benefit of better inference accuracy and data privacy by building models for each use case, 

> it is more challenging to deploy thousands to hundreds of thousands of models. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it is more challenging to deploy thousands to hundreds of thousands of models on a Kubernetes cluster. 
```

> Furthermore, there are an increasing number of use cases which serve neural network-based models. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, there are an increasing number of use cases of serving neural network-based models. 
```

> Those models are better served on GPUs to achieve reasonable latency. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve reasonable latency, those models are better served on GPUs. 
```

> However, since GPUs are expensive resources, it is very costly to serve a lot of GPU-based models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, since GPUs are expensive resources, it is costly to serve many GPU-based models.
```

The original design of KFServing deploys one model per InferenceService. 

> But, its 'one model, one server' paradigm presents challenges for a Kubernetes cluster when dealing with a large number of models. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But, when dealing with a large number of models,  its 'one model, one server' paradigm presents challenges for a Kubernetes cluster. 
```

For example, if we deploy 10 models, each with 2 replicas, then the resource overhead is 10 * 2 * 0.5 = 10 CPU and 10 * 2 * 0.5 = 10 GB memory. 
Each model’s resource overhead is 1CPU and 1 GB memory. 
Deploying many models using the current approach will quickly use up a cluster's computing resource. 
With Multi-model serving, these models can be loaded in one InferenceService, 
then each model's average overhead is 0.1 CPU and 0.1GB memory.
For GPU based models, the number of GPUs required grows linearly as the number of models grows, which is not cost efficient. 
If multiple models can be loaded in one GPU enabled model server such as TritonServer, we need a lot less GPUs in the cluster.

### Maximum pods limitation
Kubernetes has a maximum number of pods per node with the default limit set to 110. 
A typical 50-node cluster with default pod limit can run at most 1000 models
 assuming each InferenceService has 4 pods on average (two transformer replicas and two predictor replicas).

### Maximum IP address limitation.
Kubernetes clusters also have an IP address limit per cluster. 
Each pod in InferenceService needs an independent IP. 

> For example a cluster with 4096 IP addresses can deploy at most 1024 models assuming each InferenceService has 4 pods on average (two transformer replicas and two predictor replicas).

Reviewer: Is there any reference on the number for 4096? A kubernetes cluster needs to allocate pod and service CIDR blocks, I think this is collapsed to the above point with the 110 pod limit on each node which is usually allocated with 256 IP addresses.

Author: The 110 limit comes from the kubelet default setting: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kubelet/ and the k8s's best practice guides says that a node shouldn't run more than 100 pods: https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/best-practices/cluster-large/

Author: The scalability sig wants to increase this number go 500/node: https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-scalability/goals.md#derived-metricscaveats

Author: The number of IP address can be different per CNI used by cluster admin, the number can very a lot according to Ned. Could double check with him tomorrow.
